Update va-telephone accessibility guidance for `mesasageAriaDescribedby` prop usage (#6123)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-design-system-documentation: src/_components/telephone.md

## Accessibility considerations

* Teams should not add ARIA labels on phone numbers or TTY. If you have questions, contact the Accessibility Design Experience (ADE) Team.

> * Teams should not use the `messageAriaDescribedby` prop when a sibling label or context element already provides the same text for the phone number. Use `messageAriaDescribedby` only for additional descriptive content.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Wanting to offer a suggestion for a bit more a11y accuracy and to get closer to plain language to improve clarity. Let me know if you have questions!

```suggestion
* Teams should not use the `messageAriaDescribedby` prop when a label or nearby text already explains the phone number. Use `messageAriaDescribedby` only when screen reader users need additional context that sighted users get visually. 
```

Author: Thanks, @amyleadem. I like this a lot more.
